docs(decisions): add architectural decision records structure (#9310)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: docs/decisions/README.md

# Decision Log

We capture important decisions with [architectural decision records](https://adr.github.io/).

These records provide context, trade-offs, and reasoning taken at our community & technical cross-roads. Our goal is to preserve the understanding of the project growth, and capture enough insight to effectively revisit previous decisions.

> Get started created a new decision record with the template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, create a new decision record using the template:
```

```sh
cp template.md NNNN-title-with-dashes.md
```

> For more rational behind this approach, see [Michael Nygard's article](http://thinkrelevance.com/blog/2011/11/15/documenting-architecture-decisions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more rationale for this approach, see [Michael Nygard's article](http://thinkrelevance.com/blog/2011/11/15/documenting-architecture-decisions).
```
